Add tip boxes related to selectively adding CApps to service catalog (#5177)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/integrate/develop/generate-service-catalog-metadata.md

## Generate Swagger and Metadata files for APIs

> 1. Right-click the **api** folder under the ESB project, click **Generate API Metadata**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Right-click the **api** folder under the ESB project and click **Generate API Metadata**.
```

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/create_artifacts/generate_metadata/api-metadata.png">

2. This will open a success dialog box once finished.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/create_artifacts/generate_metadata/api-success.png">

3. Re-select required API artifacts under the relevant **Composite Exporter** module dependencies section to pack the generated metadata artifacts along with the API artifacts.

    !!! Tip

>         By Default, `Publish to Service Catalog` check box is enabled. If not, please enable the check box in the wizard so that it will include Metadata files of the selected artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        By default, the `Publish to Service Catalog` checkbox is enabled. If not, select the checkbox in the wizard so that it will include metadata files of the selected artifacts.
```

## Generate Metadata files for Proxy Services

> 1. Right-click the **proxy-service** folder under the ESB project, click **Generate API Metadata**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Right-click the **proxy-service** folder under the ESB project and click **Generate API Metadata**.
```

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/create_artifacts/generate_metadata/proxy-metadata.png">

2. This will open a success dialog box once finished.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/create_artifacts/generate_metadata/proxy-success.png">

3. Re-select required Proxy Service artifacts under the relevant **Composite Exporter** module dependencies section to pack the generated metadata artifacts along with the Proxy Service artifacts.

    !!! Tip

>         By Default, `Publish to Service Catalog` check box is enabled. If not, please enable the check box in the wizard so that it will include Metadata files of the selected artifacts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        By default, the `Publish to Service Catalog` checkbox is enabled. If not, select the checkbox in the wizard so that it will include metadata files of the selected artifacts. 
```
